Update configure-exchange-server-for-hybrid-modern-authentication.md (#4607)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/configure-exchange-server-for-hybrid-modern-authentication.md

Since many prerequisites are common for both Skype for Business and Exchange, review [Hybrid Modern Authentication overview and prerequisites for using it with on-premises Skype for Business and Exchange servers](hybrid-modern-auth-overview.md). Do this  *before*  you begin any of the steps in this article.

> [!NOTE]

> > Outlook Wen app and Exchange Control panel does not work with HMA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Outlook Web App and Exchange Control Panel does not work with hybrid Modern Authentication.
```

52.127.96.0/23
```

> The Outlook app for iOS and Android is designed as the best way to experience Microsoft 365 or Office 365 on your mobile device by using Microsoft services to help find, plan, and prioritize your daily life and work. For more information, Please refer to [Using hybrid Modern Authentication with Outlook for iOS and Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth?view=exchserver-2019)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Outlook app for iOS and Android is designed as the best way to experience Microsoft 365 or Office 365 on your mobile device by using Microsoft services to help find, plan, and prioritize your daily life and work. For more information, please refer to [Using hybrid Modern Authentication with Outlook for iOS and Android](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/clients/outlook-for-ios-and-android/use-hybrid-modern-auth?view=exchserver-2019).
```
